There's a demonic revelation, a counterfeit revelation of the blood in the New Age,
which we were both exposed to, which is based around womb magic and the goddess worship that
we see in the occult. So the idea is that a woman's womb creates life, it's a portal,
and therefore there's power in that. So while that is partly true, God has chosen to use a
woman's womb as a portal for human life. He puts a soul from heaven into a woman's womb,
and then she births, I mean, it is a portal. So there's truth in it, but what the devil's
done is he's had women in the New Age like me become obsessed with the creative power within
the blood of a woman's menstruation, so menstrual blood. I used my blood to literally open a portal
into the spirit realm. I used to do lots of different things, but the main thing I would
do is actually cover my whole body in my blood, anoint my house with my blood, I would feed my
blood to my plants, I would write out a spell and then cover the page in my blood, writing in
my blood, anointing papers with my blood. I would also dry my blood into discs and then burn it as
a burnt offering at the altar that I had in my room. If you work with the devil in blood, you
can still make things happen, but of course you pay with your soul. And so when Jesus saved me,
he gave me such a profound revelation of the blood of Jesus because I had been so obsessed
with blood in the occult.